# NUC_Router
Virtual Routing with Performance Analytics for NUC
By
Sundeep Budhe, Ankit Gajbhiye, Mohanakrishna Machha and Santosh Rao

Building state of the art devices to solve complex problems is what drives technology and innovation. For example, smaller devices are the future as they are easy to use, portable, and score high on economic efficiency. However, writing efficient programs for these devices is critical for them to be useful. The main goal of this project is to make an efficient router and develop a tool for performance Analytics with the Intel’s NUC (Next unit of computing) platform. The project would create a low cost router with the functionalities of an enterprise router. This would serve as a huge boon to educational institutions and students from all over the world.
On the technical front, languages such as C, C++, HTML and Python to develop the software, which works on NUC platform. We would also be using Node.js as a wrapper to enable scalable and quick transfer of data packets. The software is a virtual router tuned to work on NUC. A virtual router is software based routing framework that allows a host machine to perform like a hardware router over a local area network. A monitoring component to display the routers’ performance and statistics would also be implemented. The waterfall model approach would be used for 295A and the scrum approach for 295B.
NUC is compact and a power-efficient device that has great economic efficiency with enhanced portability. Our proposed virtual router along with NUC would create an extremely useful router that could be used by many small scale businesses and educational institutions who need the features of an enterprise router with less traffic and at a low cost. The project would provide an important networking engineering solution.
